Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2018 British horror film called 'Malevolent'.
The film is directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson
from a screenplay by Ben Ketai and Eva Konstantopoulos,
based on the novel Hush by Konstantopoulos.
The movie follows a group of scammers profiting
from phoney paranormal experiences.
Their crew gets more than they expected when
they travel to a country estate, and one by
one, they start to lose touch with reality.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
The story begins in Scotland, 1986.
Angela and Jackson are American siblings who
operate a phoney medium scam on clients who
believe their houses are haunted, working
with a small crew of paranormal investigators.
In order to help Angela advertise her special
talents as a medium, the team leverages the
reputation of her late mother.
While he owes money to loan sharks, Jackson
orchestrates the schemes because of the debt
he has accrued.
Strange occurrences happen on their current
job, prompting Angela to wonder if these things
are manifestations of her mother's experiences.
They've been hired to bring quiet to the school
by a new customer, Mrs. Greene.
Since the assignments Angela just finished
were disturbing, she rejects down the request;
she does some research on the caller's residence
and learns that all of the previous foster
children, as well as the son of the property's
owner, were all discovered dead with their
mouths sewed shut, 15 years before.
For money to pay off the loan sharks, Jackson
decides to take the job, despite his sister's
misgivings.
Jackson devises a strategy to cheat Mrs. Greene
by enlisting the help of his team of technologists.
When Elliot follows Angela into the restricted
East Wing, she finds the ghosts of the slain
girls on the floor and follows them into the
secret passageway leading to the North Wing.
The girls' former captivity is discovered
by Angela, Elliot, and Jackson.
Jackson learns that they've failed, and Mrs.
Greene thinks they're likely scammers.
When Mrs. Greene threatens to reveal Jackson's
part in the girls' killings, he chooses to
leave the position.
In the attic, Jackson discovers Beth, his
lover and technician, comatose, with her lips
sewed shut.
During the escape attempt, Jackson causes
a vehicle accident that kills Beth.
Herman, Greene's son, catches the siblings
one by one, with Jackson being the first.
Before sending her son, Herman, to murder
him, Mrs. Greene takes out Jackson's tongue,
drills out his teeth, and stitches his mouth
shut.
After Mrs. Greene got started on Angela, the
photographer Elliot was able to murder Herman
at the same time Angela begs and pleads with
the girls' spirits to aid her.
While Mrs. Greene is distracted, Angela frees
herself and kills her.
As Angela makes her way to the road for aid,
she sees Jackson's spirit, who is desperately
seeking for Beth, fade away.
Angela and Elliot are rushed to the hospital
and are in critical condition.
When Angela informs her grandfather that she's
not alone since a black shadow has passed
over her, we can assume it is her mother or
Jackson.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.